QuarkusComponentTest: support test method parameter injection (#38379)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/getting-started-testing.adoc

<4> The test also injects `Charlie`, a dependency for which a synthetic `@Singleton` bean is registered automatically. The injected reference is an "unconfigured" Mockito mock.
<5> We can leverage the Mockito API in a test method to configure the behavior.

> `QuarkusComponentTestExtension` also resolves arguments for parameters of a test method and injects the matching beans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`QuarkusComponentTestExtension` also resolves parameters of test methods and injects matching beans.
```

Author: Hm, I tried to follow the wording from `org.junit.jupiter.api.extension.ParameterResolver` but I don't really care...

Reviewer: Ah. Well I think their wording is only understandable by nerds (like me) who care deeply about the distinction between arguments and parameters :-)

If you really wanted to follow their wording, I would go with something like:

```
`QuarkusComponentTestExtension` also resolves arguments for parameters of a test method from by looking up a matching bean from the CDI container.
```

Or so.

Author: Well, your previous proposal was better ;-)
